






Official Server Rules 


Make sure to read the following Rules before joining our city! Failure to follow these rules may result in removal from our server. 
General Rules 
Age Requirement to enter server: 18+ 
(Exceptions can be made depending upon maturity) 

All major interactions should be communicated in English
(Interactions Including: PD, EMS, DOJ, etc.) 

Any minor interactions may be communicated in another language. 
(This may include interactions with friends, family, coworkers, and fellow citizens) 

You are required to have a realistic/appropriate name for your character
Must not break Terms of Service 


Both a working Microphone / headset is required. 
If unable to communicate effectively you will be removed from city temporarily until you are able to apply a fix  


Any form of discrimination, sexism, homophobia, racism, or sexual harassment/ rape RP will be punished with a permanent ban (non appealable). 

All players must follow Twitch.Tv (Terms of Service) at all given times when streaming. 
Click link above to review the TOS of twitch.tv  


Participating or creating toxicity upon any of the following platforms (Twitch, Discord, Reddit, etc) may result in removal from our community without warning. 

Make sure to report any glitches/bugs. Failure to do so and abusing them is strictly prohibited and may result in punishment. 

Player Reports and Bans
All outside of city reports must ONLY be submitted in the Open A ticket Channel in discord.
Reaching out to a Staff member in regards to your ban/ticket outside of your ticket is prohibited. 


When reporting other players, you are required to have proper video footage of the scene being reported. All clips must be 3-5 minutes minimum.  
Footage must show entire scene context and must be in English 





In-Game Information 
The Following Rules are to be followed in city while playing Alpha RP
 

You are required to remain in character at all given times. 
Do not break character to inform other players that they are breaking rules in-city. Do not advise other individuals to break character in city. 

Robbing without a roleplayed scene and valid reason is prohibited. 

Players must wait for a scene to be over in order to contact medical assistance.  
Refrain from calling EMS /311 while on your side/back until the scene is completely over. 

Every 12 hours there is a server restart that will occur. All roleplay is expected to continue throughout the beginning of these restarts (tsunamis) 
Roleplay should not become less serious or stop at all before a restart. 

/Report is used to report incidents in city that require assistance immediately 
Reports should only be made if it is restricting your RP, causing technical issues, and for immediate situations that need to be handled (Modders, hackers, Etc.) 

Metagaming or using / relaying information that your character did not obtain in-game is prohibited. 
This includes information obtained from Twitch chats, Discord Channels, or outside sources


Powergaming (using unrealistic concepts and actions to gain an advantage over other players) is prohibited. 
This includes exploiting, forcing interactions, ignoring roleplay consequences 


Fail RP (not properly roleplaying, breaking character, etc) is prohibited. 
Including talking while flatbacked, failure to properly engage with others or ruin other civilians role playing experiences, etc.  

Remember while you are downed and “on your side” you should only be roleplaying out your injuries. While you are dead and you are “on your back” you should not be speaking at all. 
It is prohibited to call out locations while downed or on your back. 


When you are flat on your back all memory from 15 minutes prior needs to be erased from memory. 

Escorting people while in vehicles is not allowed. 
Remember to use the F1 menu “put in vehicle” option to place bodies in vehicles. 

Use /me and /notes to further your roleplay experience. 

It is prohibited to drive unrealistic speeds for no reason over and over. 

If your character is dead, other characters are prohibited from relaying information to you that should have been forgotten  
This includes being informed of your death, killer, victims, or details leading to your death. 



Criminal Activities
The Following Rules pertain to Criminal Activities within Alpha RP.  

Criminal activities are limited to 6 players max at a time. There should never be more than 6 members in a criminal scene at a time. 
PD has the ability to participate in scenes with 2 additional members allowing 8 PD on a scene.     

Whenever a group of characters are brought into police custody  and have a second group of five characters formed to attempt a prison break they MUST wait for the transport to begin. 
Players may NOT intervene at the police station. 

When you relay information to or between characters in a scene, you are counted as part of that scenario. 
This includes being a lookout, or making radio communications. 

Scamming is allowed with no limit to an amount that you can scam. 
Players are NOT allowed to scam at the used car lot OR anything with donation purchases. 

Hitman RP is prohibited, “bounties” are not allowed to be placed on someone. 

Any outside shooters not on a scene MUST be announced. 
This includes on rooftops,  vehicles, alleyways, etc.  

Only the people within a scene should be a part of it. Players are not allowed to enter ongoing scenes, situations, or shootouts between two groups or a group and the police department. 
Unless you were initially a part of a scene you should not enter it.  

Robbing PD issued weapons off an officer is prohibited. The Police Department may only be robbed for their consumables OR your property that was confiscated in your current scene with proper roleplay.
Consumable items include : Food, Water, Stress relievers.  

Killing of EMS & PD is only allowed for roleplay reasons. You may not randomly kill them or rob them with no interaction or reasoning. 
Ex.) A EMS worker refuses to heal your friend while held at gunpoint 


Corrupt/Dirty Cops are allowed only with the proper RP. They are not allowed to steal from PD under any circumstances. 
This includes not being able to use any PD items, or items confiscated from criminals. All items taken from a criminal are now PD evidence and would be stealing if you were to keep or sell it.


 








Terms To Know

RDM - RANDOM DEATHMATCH 
Random Deathmatch (RDM) is when you attack/kill another player or group of players without any story, interaction, or roleplay leading up to it. This is not allowed and will result in a ban.

VDM - VEHICLE DEATHMATCH 
Vehicle Deathmatch (VDM) is when you attack another player/ group of players using a vehicle with the intent of killing/knocking them out without any reason, initiation, or interaction.This is not allowed and will result in a ban. 

NLR - NEW LIFE RULE  
New Life Rule (NLR) is when you are required to forget the last 15 minutes of events when you are flat on your back and revived. This means you may not remember who killed you, or who was a part of the scene where you died. If you have been advised that the Police or EMS is on the way you may not respawn. 

NVL - NOT VALUING LIFE 
Not Valuing Life (NVL) is when you are not realistically fearing for your life in a threatening situation including weapons or severe potential harm. Additionally, if you are antagonizing or threatening gangs, police, or armed individuals for no character reasoning you are NVL . 

Respect & Common Courtesy: 

Here in Alpha City we strictly enforce rules of conduct in our community and will handle any behavior that is seen as dipleasing in the eyes of our Staff. This is pertaining to sexual harrasment, excessive name calling or shaming, or consistent harassment on any level. 

Our goal is to create a welcoming and enjoyable environment that is an escape from reality. Alpha is another world to create new experiences, meet new people, and just enjoy in your free time! In order to continue this remember to respect each other, and have reasoning for all actions you are creating, roleplaying is key! Blaming negative or harassing interactions on your “characters persona” will not be considered as an adequate excuse for your actions.

At any given time the Alpha Staff possess the ability to make decisions, in regards to a players ban, based on evaluating the quality of their RP.     


